vrMIS is an open-source, browser-based, offline-capable application for
managing distribution of supplies to remote stations,  and collecting data on
supply inventory and use.  It is focused primarily  on the use cases for
distributing vaccines and related supplies, and recording vaccination counts.
Developed for Village Reach's long-running program assisting vaccine
distribution in Mozambique, vrMIS thus matches many of the official Mozambique
health forms, and the forms of that joint program.  The software records data
that has been gathered by delivery staff on their monthly routes among health
centers.  Improved distribution performance and consistency is a primary goal.
vrMIS offers offline reports to managers on delivery-staff performance, and
reports to health staff on vaccinations performed.  It provides guidance on
supplies to be distributed for a given monthly route, and also tracks the
status of related equipment, like cold-chain refrigerators and coolers.

Version 3 of vrMIS  was an early bleeding-edge implementation of offline
browser-app technology, and was put into field use in early 2010.  This
version, v4, was a complete back-end refactoring, to streamline, modernize,
add features, and improve performance, all while preserving almost every
aspect of the UI, for minimal impact on active field users.  v4 has been in
production use since mid-2012.

vrMIS also provides the field software experience for Village Reach in its
development of a larger and more generalized, transaction-based
logistics-coordination platform, [OpenLMIS](http://openlmis.org/).
Eventually, vrMIS4 will be replaced by a customized module of OpenLMIS.
